README.md, before:

# [NJ Frog Sounds](http://www.njfrogsounds.com)

**NJ Frog Sounds** is a mobile web app that enables users to easily call and identify New Jersey frogs and toads.

## Our Mission
Identifying frog and toad species is a complicated process for conservation biologists. The scientists working in the field have few options and often lose contact with the amphibians before they are able to conclusively identify them. The goal of this project was to create an app that:

:frog: Allow conservationists to easily reference a frog and toad species unique call.

:frog:  Allow them to keep contact with the species by returning calls.

![page-gif](/demo.gif)

## Getting Started
Getting started is easy just navigate to [www.NJFrogSounds.com](http://www.njfrogsounds.com) , click on the species of frog or toad you want to call and press the :arrow_forward: button to start calling that species.

## App Successes
Since its launch the App has experienced much success in its space. During peak seasons, the app sees 100’s of visitors a week and has a returning visitor rate of nearly 50%. The app was also quickly adopted by many field herpetologists working for the New Jersey Conservation Foundation, and Stockton University. According to our analytics it is also used by many other research institutions and universities.

![page-gif](/usageSummer.jpg) ![page-gif](/visitorChart.jpg)


## Usability and Testing


## Contributors


## Future features

Commit message:

Add Usibility and Testing to readme

README.md, after:

# [NJ Frog Sounds](http://www.njfrogsounds.com)

**NJ Frog Sounds** is a mobile web app that enables users to easily call and identify New Jersey frogs and toads.

## Our Mission
Identifying frog and toad species is a complicated process for conservation biologists. The scientists working in the field have few options and often lose contact with the amphibians before they are able to conclusively identify them. The goal of this project was to create an app that:

:frog: Allow conservationists to easily reference a frog and toad species unique call.

:frog:  Allow them to keep contact with the species by returning calls.

![page-gif](/demo.gif)

## Getting Started
Getting started is easy just navigate to [www.NJFrogSounds.com](http://www.njfrogsounds.com) , click on the species of frog or toad you want to call and press the :arrow_forward: button to start calling that species.

## App Successes
Since its launch the App has experienced much success in its space. During peak seasons, the app sees 100’s of visitors a week and has a returning visitor rate of nearly 50%. The app was also quickly adopted by many field herpetologists working for the New Jersey Conservation Foundation, and Stockton University. According to our analytics it is also used by many other research institutions and universities.

![page-gif](/usageSummer.jpg) ![page-gif](/visitorChart.jpg)


## Usability and Testing
A major part of this project was to ensuring the app was simple and intuitive to use. Through out the development of this project many ideas were tested in the field before they were pushed to the production version of this app. Testing beta versions allowed us to optimize unforeseen pains of using the app, allowing for a much better user experience on production versions.

## Contributors


## Future features
